---
title: A New Year
date: 2024-01-02T21:30:00
draft: false
---

The holidays are over in a blink. This time of year is always overload being that my wedding anniversary is end of November, both my wife and I have our birthdays in December, xmas, New Years quickly followed by two more family members birthdays. We also hosted a handful of parties at our newly purchased apartment these past few weeks.

The highlight of my vacation has been sled riding with the kids, we've had a lot of snow this winter so we go any chance we can get. It's been a long time since I've ridden a sled, especially at speeds where my stomach floats up into my throat.

As a gift to myself, I picked up a Nintendo Wii for $50 and software modded it. I now have an attached SSD loaded up with Wii and GameCube games that I've been wanting to revisit. I also repurposed a Raspberry Pi 4 to run RetroPi and learned how to mod the EEPROM so it boots _from_ the attached SSD which heavily increased the performance. It's running everyting up to (and including) the PS1. It's had a lot of use with friends and family over the break.

I have to mention I found a complete PC left in my buildings garbage room on xmas day while taking out some recycling! It looks like an older gaming rig. I'll report more on it after I blow out the insane amounts of dust in the case. Most likely it will get the Debian treatment and become a server. I noticed a box for a "gaming laptop cooling tray" next to it, someone must have got an upgrade? It's crazy how people toss perfectly good hardware...

In November, I found a re-boxed Cambridge Audio soundbar with subwoofer in perfect condition with a note attached mentioning it "still works perfectly." So why toss it?? I immediately rescued it and upgraded from my little Bose bar which is  now in use at the mother-in-laws.

In regards to the new year, I'm not one for formal resolutions but I'd like to focus more on creating. I bought a field mic a long time ago and have hardly touched it. I have this idea to build up a huge sound library of my environment. I took to keeping a daily journal last year on paper and will continue to do so. I'm still teetering between plain text and physical paper, but I feel as long as I'm writing, it's fine.
